[Music]
beatbox is the original instrument it
all comes from the voice and today we're
gonna teach you the three basic sounds
of beatbox which make up the foundation
of it now the kick is the kick drum on
the bottom and it makes the loud bass
sound it sounds like this alright
you hear that how do you make that sound
well the way you make that sound is you
take a pea and you take a B and you mesh
those two together right and it's gonna
give you what what we refer to as the
kick drum so all right so you try this
excellent
now the next sound is the almighty snare
sound and the snare sound is basically
taking a K and an A and putting those
two sounds together and it sounds like
this alright so just try that really
easy now the last sound is one of my
favorite sounds it's the high hat the
high hats my favorite sound because it's
always on the tip of your tongue you
basically take a T and an S and twist
those two together and it's gonna sound
like this
it's great right all right so you put
all those together and you can make some
really amazing wonderful music that you
can do anywhere you can do it in the car
we can make beats in the car right so we
could just drive through the city making
a beat and it sounds a little something
like like like this let's just speak to
him all right so that's how you can
actually speak to each other now those
are really complex beating patterns
right so we're gonna do a few beating
patterns with you and you can repeat
after me so that you can begin to learn
these sounds right so check this out
so we could take all of those different
rhythms and sounds and we can jam with
each other by listening to each other
right so right now just rolling around
we're gonna drop a phat beep maybe see
we can find some friends I
[Music]
you